Update 'Installing Ansible on FreeBSD'. (#76849)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/installation_guide/intro_installation.rst

    $ echo 'app-admin/ansible' >> /etc/portage/package.accept_keywords

Installing Ansible on FreeBSD
-----------------------------

> You can install Ansible on FreeBSD either from a package or from a port. See the FreeBSD handbook `Chapter 4. Installing Applications: Packages and Ports <https://docs.freebsd.org/en/books/handbook/ports/>`_. Best practice is to use the packages on the fresh installation of the system and both update and upgrade from the ports later. It's not recommended to mix the installation from packages and ports, i.e. keep updating and upgrading form the ports. See the warning in the FreeBSD handbook `4.5. Using the Ports Collection <https://docs.freebsd.org/en/books/handbook/ports/#ports-using>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install Ansible on FreeBSD either from a package or from a port. See the FreeBSD handbook `Chapter 4. Installing Applications: Packages and Ports <https://docs.freebsd.org/en/books/handbook/ports/>`_. A best practice is to use the packages on the fresh installation of the system and both update and upgrade from the ports later. It's not recommended to mix the installation from packages and ports, i.e. keep updating and upgrading from the ports. See the warning in the FreeBSD handbook `4.5. Using the Ports Collection <https://docs.freebsd.org/en/books/handbook/ports/#ports-using>`_.
```

> You can install Ansible on FreeBSD either from a package or from a port. See the FreeBSD handbook `Chapter 4. Installing Applications: Packages and Ports <https://docs.freebsd.org/en/books/handbook/ports/>`_. A best practice is to use the packages on the fresh installation of the system and both update and upgrade from the ports later. It's not recommended to mix the installation from packages and ports, i.e. keep updating and upgrading from the ports. See the warning in the FreeBSD handbook `4.5. Using the Ports Collection <https://docs.freebsd.org/en/books/handbook/ports/#ports-using>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can install Ansible on FreeBSD either from a package or from a port. See the FreeBSD handbook `Chapter 4. Installing Applications: Packages and Ports <https://docs.freebsd.org/en/books/handbook/ports/>`_. A best practice is to use the packages on the fresh installation of the system and both update and upgrade from the ports later. It's not recommended to mix the installation from packages and ports, that is,  keep updating and upgrading from the ports. See the warning in the FreeBSD handbook `4.5. Using the Ports Collection <https://docs.freebsd.org/en/books/handbook/ports/#ports-using>`_.
```

FreeBSD packages
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The installation from the packages is simpler, compared to the installation from the ports. See the details in the FreeBSD handbook `4.3. Finding Software <https://docs.freebsd.org/en/books/handbook/ports/#ports-finding-applications>`_ and `4.4. Using pkg for Binary Package Management <https://docs.freebsd.org/en/books/handbook/ports/#pkgng-intro>`_. Take a look at available packages, e.g.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The installation from the packages is simpler, compared to the installation from the ports. See the details in the FreeBSD handbook `4.3. Finding Software <https://docs.freebsd.org/en/books/handbook/ports/#ports-finding-applications>`_ and `4.4. Using pkg for Binary Package Management <https://docs.freebsd.org/en/books/handbook/ports/#pkgng-intro>`_. Take a look at available packages, for example:
```
